1. During the 17th century, Cardinal Richelieu, chief minister of Louis XIII, was determined to make Paris the most beautiful city in Europe. He built five new bridges, a new chapel for the College of Sorbonne, and a palace for himself, the Palais Cardinal
2. The centre of Paris contains the most visited monuments in the city, including the Notre Dame Cathedral and the Louvre as well as the Sainte-Chapelle; Les Invalides, where the tomb of Napoleon is located
3. The French historic, political and economic capital, with a population of only 2.5 million is located in the northern part of France. 
4. Paris has a population of more than 2 million people
5. The historical name for the city is Parisii by the Gauls, however the Romans arrived in 52 B.C. and changed the name to Lutetia
6. One of the greatest art museums in the world. Located in the heart of the French capital. 
7. Paris is easily accessible by plane, railroad, and automobile
8. The best tours of Paris are by boat. One can get a one-hour cruise on the Seine in a sightseeing boat or bateaumouche, which points out the main monuments, bridges, and cathedrals
9. Paris is divided into 20 arrondissements (wards). They are referred to as arrondissements in English as well as in French. Each arrondissement has its own character. 
10. The French Revolution (1789–93) was a turning point for the modernization of Paris. During that turbulent period, there were riots in the streets, and the people barricaded the narrow, winding streets to thwart the power of the government. 
11. Modern-day Paris is truly a feast for all of the senses. The classical beauty of the city is breathtaking at night when many of the monuments are lighted.
12. Artificial intelligence is intelligence exhibited by machines, rather than humans or other animals. 
13. the field of AI research defines itself as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of success at some goal
14. Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1956, and in the years since has experienced several waves of optimism,[7][8] followed by disappointment and the loss of funding (known as an "AI winter")
15. Natural language processing gives machines the ability to read and understand human language and extract intelligence from it.
16. AI researchers developed sophisticated mathematical tools to solve specific subproblems. These tools are truly scientific, in the sense that their results are both measurable and verifiable.
17. Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. 
18. AI techniques have become an essential part of the technology industry, helping to solve many challenging problems in computer science.
19. Recent advancements in AI, and specifically in machine learning, have contributed to the growth of Autonomous Things such as drones and self-driving cars.
20. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: Knowledge Reasoning Problem solving
21. Advanced statistical techniques (loosely known as deep learning), access to large amounts of data and faster computers enabled advances in machine learning and perception.
22. Sailing employs the wind—acting on sails, wingsails or kites—to propel a craft on the surface of the water
23. Until the mid of the 19th century, sailing ships were the primary means for marine commerce, this period is known as Age of Sail.
24. Throughout history sailing has been instrumental in the development of civilization, affording humanity greater mobility than travel over land, whether for trade, transport or warfare, and the capacity for fishing.
25. The physics of sailing arises from a balance of forces between the wind powering the sailing craft as it passes over its sails and the resistance by the sailing craft against being blown off course
26. When sailing craft are on a course where the angle between the sail and the apparent wind (the angle of attack) exceeds the point of maximum lift, separation of flow occurs.
27. A sailing craft's ability to derive power from the wind depends on the point of sail it is on
28. A sailing craft can sail on a course anywhere outside of its no-go zone.
29. Jibing or gybing is a sailing maneuver by which a sailing craft turns its stern past the eye of the wind so that the apparent wind changes from one side to the other
30. An important safety aspect of sailing is to adjust the amount of sail to suit the wind conditions.
